Updated UG and DG to reflect changes in Person commands (#91)
AY2223S2-CS2103T-T12-3/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

> 1. The command can communicate with the `Model` when it is executed (e.g. to add a person).

Reviewer: This actually refers to the previous line but Github issues. Basically change `AddCommand` to `AddPersonCommand`. Also at line 110-113.
```suggestion
1. This results in a `Command` object (more precisely, an object of one of its subclasses e.g., `AddPersonCommand`) which is executed by the `LogicManager`.
```
